Title: A Day Without Dragons
Author(s): Teresita C. G. Nader and Christa Wright

Prolog:
There was an ancient time when humans and dragons coexisted peacefully, the dragons
were considered gods to the people. They ruled the skies and protected all humans from danger. Dragons were able to take human form
and live among humans, but they were not allowed to marry humans. Love between dragons and humans was forbidden. The mere thought that dragon's blood could be mixed with the impure human's blood was unthinkable. There was one dragon king that ruled the skies with an iron claw
and battled with fiery courage. No human, nor even dragons could face him in battle, but his heart was darker than obsidian.
One day while the dragon king was in battle he got wounded. Afraid that his dragon peers will think that he was weak he hid his wounds from them. At night he transformed into human form and went to the healing hot springs of the east.
There he met a beautiful young woman, and he fell in love with her. He kidnapped her and brought her to the dragon
kingdom. Night after night, she rejected his love. She was in love with another man. She begged every night to return
to her beloved, but the dragon king denied to give his beloved woman to another man.

With a broken heart the young woman ended her life. After such tragedy the dragon's council prohibited dragons to cohabitate with humans, or interfere with their lives in any way. All dragons were called to live once again in the Dragon Castle that floated above in the sky.

Hundred of years have passed and nobody have seen a dragon since then. This is where our story begins...


+Continue button->

Personalize your character:
-You name is: "name"


Dialog:
Upon his death bed your grandfather holds your hand and explains "You see this house, "name" when your father was alive he wanted you to live peacefully without worrying about money so he had begun to build this place for you and your mother, unfortunately they both died in that horrible accident and he couldn't finish the task. I love you, "name" since the first time I saw you when you were little and all these years taking care of you have been wonderful, but I am very old and my time is counted. My dear "name" I want you to have this house, and live a happy life like your father and mother wanted for you."

Your grandfather died a few days later.
As usual you went to the river to take a walk, but something was different this time...

You heard screams, and you...(Choose what you would like to do)

1- Choice: Go towards the town
Dialog 1:
	The town is on fire, the villagers run desperately trying to rescue their families and possessions from their blazing homes. An army of men dressed with golden armor raid the city, but they don’t seem like common thieves, in fact they don’t take anything from the houses. You wonder what is happening when a soldier notices you and begins to chase you. You now remember a story your grandfather used to tell you about men dressed as the sun, those men dressed in golden armor are the dragons' soldiers.

	1.1 - Choice: Confront the soldier
			Before you can move a spout of flame falls from the sky and in a second all the soldiers are gone.
			There is no trace of them, not even a piece of armor. Suddenly you hear those strange screams. You follow the noise till you reach a beautiful hot spring.
			At the shore of the hot spring you notice a scaled figure covered in blood. As you approach you realize its a dragon. You have never seen one before, but you had heard of these large scaled creatures that breathe fire.

	1.2 - Choice: Run towards the forest
			You enter the forest and you hear the soldiers footsteps as they enter the town. You duck into some near-by bushes, and wait until you can distinguish both the location and the intentions of the soldiers. As the soldiers come into sight, you see that the soldiers are dragging a chain net. At first you don't realize what is in it, it looks strange and foreign, but it dawns on you that it is a dragon! The dragon moves desperately to break from the net and after some struggle he escapes and kills the soldiers. The dragon hasn't noticed you, but you can see how his movements are getting slower as he seems to be losing blood from the wound on his side.

	1.3 - Choice: Play dead
			The soldier approaches you aggressively. His brows are furrowed, and he draws his sword, and quickly slashes at you. You feel a shot of pain in your abdomen and fall to the ground. With his business done, the soldier walks back to his troupe. You realize you aren't mortally hurt, but it was such a surprise that he did that! Not wanting to confront another solider, or worse, have them actually kill you, you decide to just lay there pretending to be dead.

			You see smoke in the forest some distance off, the soldiers notice it, and head in that direction. You're safe now, the soldiers are gone, no one is around. You stand up, looking around, and see the ruin the soldiers have caused. Not too far away, you see the debris of a building move a little. There is someone trapped under it. Quickly you get up an rush over there to help whoever is trapped under the rubble. Heaving away some lumber you see moving scales. The thing under the rubble is finally able to shake off the rest of the rubble, revealing a dragon, with a gash in it's side.


2- Choice: Go towards the farm
Dialog 2:
			As you approach the farm, you see that the soldiers are setting the farm ablaze. Farm animals are escaping from the barn, and running towards a near by field, where no soldiers are posted. Towards the entrance of the stables is an old man, stabbed through the heart, pegged to a wall. His eyes were widened in horror. A soldier must have stabbed him, as he was trying to free his animals. You hear a woman's scream, and notice a few yards off group of soldiers ripping away her clothes.

	2.1 - Choice: Use the animals to distract the soldiers, while you rescue the girl
			You grab a piece of wood that is on fire, and run out into the pasture where the animals are. You use the piece of wood to scare the animals back towards the soldiers. As the animals stampede towards the soldiers, they scatter, and disappear back into the woods being chased by the animals. The girl is left alone in her tattered clothes. Still in a panic, the girl gathers her disarrayed clothes, and runs towards a near-by town. The farm's building are crashing down as the flames lick aware at their framework, you start to hear screams and run towards the building they are coming from. As you approach you notice an animal stumbling through the flames. You come closer, not wanting to enter a building on fire, but concerned about the screaming animal. As the animal begins to come closer out of the flames, you realize that it is an injured dragon, with a spear through it's wing!

	2.2 - Choice: Take the sword from the dead-mans body, and defend the girl
			You think quickly and take the sword from the dead-mans body, and charge the soldiers! Suddenly a line of fire appears before you! You look up and see a dragon fly in the sky, it roars, and more fire comes shooting out of it's mouth! The soldier's carriage is set ablaze, and a screaming man comes out covered in flames. The soldiers have stopped attacking the girl, and turned their attention towards the dragon. The archers shoot at the dragon, an arrow hitting it in the wing, tearing the fragile membranous tissue. The dragon lets out a terrible scream of pain and lands on the ground, the soldiers close in, it spits more fire at the soldiers, and eats one. The soldiers realize they are no match for this beast, even if it is wounded, and disperse into the forest. The girl looks at you in fear, and run towards the town, gathering her tattered dress about her.

	2.3 - Choice: Hide, and scream that the royal guard is coming
			You hide behind a nearby tree and shout "The royal guard is coming!" The guards stop harassing the girl, and mumble to each other before running off into the woods. The girl looks around in panic, and runs down the road towards in the direction of both a near-by town, and where the royal guard would have come from. The farm's buildings are crashing down as the flames lick aware at their framework, you start to hear screams and run towards the building they are coming from. As you approach you notice an animal stumbling through the flames. You come closer, not wanting to enter a burning building, but are concerned about the screaming animal. As the animal begins to come closer out of the flames, you realize that it is an injured dragon, with a spear through it's wing!

3- Choice: Go towards the forest
Dialog 3:
	You run into the forest, you heart is pumping, vines are tearing at you as you hazardously dive deeper and deeper into the forest. You see a group of soldiers being attacked by a grizzly bear. Not far away you see three fur covered lumps on the ground, the bear's cubs. Their body's looked deformed because their bones had been broken. After some struggle, the soldiers are able to kill the bear, because she lost so much blood from them stabbing her with their spears. After defeating the bear, one soldier stabs her one more time for good measure, as the soldiers leave they take no notice of the cub's bodies, stepping on them as they walk away.

	3.1 - Choice: Chase the soldiers
			 You start to chase the soldiers, when suddenly a root catches your foot, and you're hurled down a hillside. You're unable to catch yourself, and tumble down into a bush. You're a little scratched up, but not too bad, all your limbs are still attached, after making note of this you start to climb out of the bush, but stop as you see the scene in front of you. There is a pond not too far from you, the sun is shining down on it from a break in the trees, and you see a dragon emerge from the water. You notice that there is a large slash in it's side, and it laboriously makes it's way to the shoreline of the pond. With each step, the dragon begins to shine brighter and brighter. Soon the dragon is so bright you can't look at it and have to cover your eyes, through gaps in your fingers you can tell that the shape of the dragon is becoming thinner, smaller. The glowing fades away to reveal a man sitting on the shoreline, dressed in commoner clothes. He is holding his side where he is injured to stop the bleeding.

	3.2 - Choice: Run in the opposite direction the soldiers had gone
			Running in the opposite direction the soldiers went, you come to a small clearing, and find a cabin and a small barn close by. It looks abandoned. No one has lived here in a long time it looks like it. Still, you approach the door of the cabin and knock on it. "Hello? Is anyone home?" you call. No response. The door swings open upon touching it to reveal cobwebs, and knocked over shelves. The bed is broken, and all the food that was there rotted along time ago. You hear some rustling coming from the barn, and walk over there. As you approach you hear labored breathing. Something big is in there! You crack open the door of the barn and see a dragon laying on the floor. There is a huge gash in it's side, and blood is pooling around it.

	3.3 - Choice: Burry the body's of the bears.
			You walk over to the mangled bodies of the cubs, tears welling in your eyes. "How dare they hurt you," you whisper. Kneeling down, you being to dig a hole for them. You hear a roar of pain, branches crack, as something heavy crashes through the canopy of the trees behind you. You spin to see a dragon crash to the ground, a huge slash is in it's side.



Global choices for endings:

Ending 1:
-Choice: Help the dragon
			You hesitantly approach the dragon. It's laborious breathing intimidates you a little, but you proceed to rip some of your clothing, using it to stop the bleeding. The dragon looks at you and nods in thanks. Suddenly, the soldiers appear. You and the dragon are able to defeat the soldiers. He looks at you, and thanks you for helping him. He begins to tell you his story,

			"Hundreds of years ago, when the humans and dragons lived in peace together, there was an evil dragon who wanted to take my throne. He hired a woman to seduce me. I thought I was in love, but I realized she had been lying to me. She manipulated me, and fed me poison. It was suppose to kill me, but I was able to survive. The evil dragon decided it would be crueler to keep me alive, and imprisoned. I was kept in a cell for hundred of years before I was able to escape. That is why the soldiers came for me. They wanted to drag me back to the castle, to either kill me, or keep me as prisoner longer. But now that you have helped me, I have the chance to recover my empire. I will come back for you, after I am king of my empire once again, and that is when you will get your reward."

			The dragon king walks towards to horizon, promising to come back.

			Three years later:

			You hear a knock at the door.

			You pause for a moment, then open the door. There is a man standing there, and he looks almost familiar.

			"Do you remember me? You saved my life," said the man. Before you can answer he continues. "I'm the dragon king once again, and have come for you to be my right hand, helping me rule my empire."

Ending 2:
-Choice: Kill the dragon
			You remember all the horrible stories about dragons you heard growing up. Fear and hate consume you, and you kill the dragon. Standing in the pooling blood, you hear a commotion as the soldiers appear once again. They immediately surround you. Two men grab you by the shoulders, one puts a cloth over your nose and mouth "You are coming with us." Is the last thing you hear before you lose consciousness.

			You wake up bound to a chair. As you become aware of your surroundings, you realize you are at a table, with a giant feast laid out in front of you. A man dressed in kings clothes approaches the table.

			"Oh, you're finally awake, my champion," he says. He puts his hand on your shoulder. "You have done a great deed for me, and our kingdom. I never thought a mere human could kill the old dragon king. You must be confused, let me explain. A hundred years ago I was suppose to become the dragon king after my father passed, he was taking too long to die, so I helped him out a little bit. But I didn't realize there were witnesses, my dragon empire turned against me, deciding I am not fit to be king. They chose my brother over me. But I knew my brother's weakness, so I hired a human to seduce him. He was too tolerant with humans, and saw them like equals. I didn't realize it, but they were falling in love. To ensure my place as king, I told her to poison him, but she wouldn't. She tricked me, and used a fake poison on him. So I had to kill her, but I made it seem like it was my brother's fault."

			The dragon king unbinds you, saying "You will now rule as my right hand, for the deed you did for me."

Ending 3:
-Choice: Call the soldiers
			Upon seeing the dragon, panic takes over, and you decide the soldiers must be searching for the dragon. You begin shouting for the soldiers to come. Quickly the soldiers appear and kill the wounded dragon. They then turn on you.

			"You have seen too much."

			The last thing you see is a blade appearing from your chest. Someone stabbed you from behind. A cold sensation runs through your body, your legs crumbled out from under you, and you feel your warm blood seeping out from you. The world goes dark, and you breathe your last breath.
