Title: A Day Without Dragons
Author: Teresita C. G. Nader

Prolog:
There was an ancient time when humans and dragons coexisted peacefully, the dragons
were considered gods to the people. They ruled the skies and protected all humans from danger.
There was only one rule, love between dragons and humans was forbidden. Dragons were able to take human form
and live with humans, but they were not allow to marry humans. The mere thought that dragon families could be
mixed with the impure humans was unthinkable. There was one dragon king that ruled the skies with an iron clow(garra)
and battled with fiery courage. No human, nor even dragons could face him in battle, but his heart was dark as the sky in the night.
One day while he was in battle he got wounded, to not appear weak in front of his (subditos) he transformed into human form
and went to the healing waterfall of the east.
There he meets a beautiful young woman, and he fell in love with her. He kidnapped her and brought her to the dragon
kingdom. Night after night, she rejected his love. She was in love with another man. She begged every night to return
to his beloved but the dragon king denied to give his beloved woman to another man.

With a broken heart the young woman ended up killing herself, as a punishment the skies imprisoned the dragons in the sky. Never more would they be able to come down to where the humans were.

+Continue button->

Personalize your character:
-You name is: "name"



dialog:
You see this house, "name" when your father was alive he wanted you to live peacefully without worrying about money
so he begun to build this place for you and your mother, unfortunately they both died in that horrible accident and he
couldn't finish the task. I love you, "name" since the first time I saw you when you were little and all these
years taking care of you have been wonderful, but I am very old and my time is counted. My dear "name" I want you to have
this house, and live a happy life like your father and mother wanted for you.

Your grandfather died a few days later. As usual you went to the river to take a walk, but something was different this time...
You heard screams and you...


1-choice
Go towards the town:
The town is on fire, the villagers run desperately trying to rescue their families and possessions from their blazing homes. An army of men dressed with golden armor
raid the city, but they don’t seem like common thieves, in fact they don’t take anything from the houses. You wonder what is happening when a soldier notices you and
begins to chase you. You now remember a story your grandfather used to tell you about men dressed as the sun, those men dressed in golden armors are the dragon's
soldiers. 
	1.1 - Choice: Confront the soldier
			Before you can move a big fire falls from the sky and in a secon all the soldiers are gone. 
			There is no trace of them, not even a scale. Sunderly you hear that strange noice like screams. But nobody else
			seems to notice it. You follow the noice till you reach a beutiful waterfalls. A la orilla de las waterfalls se alcansa
			a ver la sombra de un hombre. Los gritos que habias estado escuchando provienen de su dirreccion. Al acercarte
			mas al cuerpo, llegas a persivir el olor de sangre. Al parecer el hombre a la horilla del agua esta gravemente herido.
			    -Choice: Heal the man - Ending:
	1.2 - Choice: Run towards the forest
		1.21 - Choice
			
			    -Choice: Rob him
	1.3- Choice: Hide from the soldier 
		1.31 - Choice
			Before you can move a big fire falls from the sky and in a secon all the soldiers are gone. 
			There is no trace of them, not even a scale. Sunderly you hear that strange noice like screams. But nobody else
			seems to notice it. You follow the noice till you reach a beutiful waterfalls. A la orilla de las waterfalls se alcansa
			a ver la sombra de un hombre. Los gritos que habias estado escuchando provienen de su dirreccion. Al acercarte
			mas al cuerpo, llegas a persivir el olor de sangre. Al parecer el hombre a la horilla del agua esta gravemente herido.
				-Choice: Kill the man

2-choice
Went towards the mill near the river
	//Hay soldados por todo el molino. Uno de los soldados toma a la hija del molinero y amezana con cortar su garganta si
	el hombre no le entrega alguna informacion util, pero el viejo molinero no puede hacer mas que rogar a los pies
	del soldado por la vida de su hija, insistiendo que el no sabe que es lo que estan buscando ni donde se encuentra.
	El soldado furioso lanza a la muchacha al rio. 
			-Choice: Rescue her
			
			-Choice: Attack the soldier
			
			-Choice: Hide till the soldiers are gone
3-choice
Went towards the forest
	Llegas hasta unas cascadas. Ecuchas el melodioso sonido de los pajaros cantando, cuando derrepente el estruendoso sonido de un rugido
	rompe la calma. Al botear notas que un gigantesco dragon esta siendo atrapado por unos soldados. Esos soldados se parecen
	a los soldados de las historias que tu abuelo te contaba. Los doldados dragones, bestidos de oro brillante como el sol. 
	cuatro soldados tienen atado al dragon con cadenas, puedes notar que tratan de mantenerlo quieto jalando de las cadenas para 
	dejarlo en el piso. Yace la pobre criatura en el suelo con sus escamas negras cubiertas de sangre por el esfuerzo que ha hecho por salir de las
	cadenas que lo aprisionan. 
		-Choice: Help tyhem to kill the dragon, after all dragons are evil creatures
		
		-Choice: Distract the soldiers and free the dragon. Nobody deserves such treatment
		
		-Choice: The soldiers are too busy taking care of the dragon. I can take their golden shiels and sell
		them at a very good price.
		
		-Choice: 
