Title: The dragon's wife
Author: Teresita C. G. Nader

Prolog:
There was an acient time were humans and dragons coeaxisted pacefully, the dragons
were considered like gods for the poeple. They ruled the skyes and protected all humans from danger.
There was only one rule, the love between dragons and humans was forviden. Dragons were able to take human form 
and live within humans, but they were not allow to marry humans. The only tought that the dragon family could be
mixed with the impure humans was unthinkable. There was one dragon king that ruled the skies with iron hand
and battled with fiery courage. No human, nor even dragons could face him in battle, but his heart was has dark
as the sky in the night.  
One day while he was in battle he got wounded to not appear weak in front of his peers he tranformed into human form
and went to the healying waters of the east(west)-choose later- 
There he meet a beutiful young woman, and he felt in love with her. He kidnapped her and brought her to the dragon
kingdom. Night after night, she rejected his love. She was in love with another man. She begged every night to return
to his beloved but the dragon king denaied to give his beloved woman to another man.

With a broken heart the young woman ended up killing herself, as a punishment the skyes aprisionaron a los dragones en el cielo, nunca mas
podrian bajar a donde los humanos. 

(Continue button)-->
--------------------------------------

Personalize your character:
-You name is: "name"


--------------------------------------

Dialog:
You see this house, "name" when your father was alive he wanted you to live peacefully without worring about money
so he begun to build this place for you and your mother, unfortunatlly they both died in that horrible accident and he
couldn't finish the task. I love you, "name" since the first time I saw you when you were a little girl and all this
years taking care of you have been wonderful, but I am very old and my time is counted. My dear niece I want you to have
this house, and live a happy life like your father and mother wanted for you.

Your grandfather died a few days later. As asual you went to the river to take a walk, but something was different this time...
You heard screams and you...


1-choice
Went towards the town:
The town is on fire, the villagers run desperately trying to rscue their families and posesions from the houses on fire. An army of man dressed with golden armaduras 
saquean la ciudad, pero no parecen ladrones comunes, y de hecho no parecen llevarse nada de las casas. You wonder what is happening when a soldier notice you and 
begins to chase you. You now remember a story your granfather use to tell you about man dressed has the sun, those man dressed on golden armaduras are the dragon 
soldiers. But weren't dragons atraados en su palacio del cielo? Nadie ha visto un dragon desde hace mas decadas. 
	1.1 - Choice
	Confront the soldier
		1.11 - Choice
			End #1 - "Name of the end"
	1.2-
	Run towards the forest
		1.21 - Choice
			End #2 - "Name of the end"
	1.3-
	Hide from the soldier and go towards the town
		1.31 - Choice
			End #3 - "Name of the end"

2-choice
Went towards the mill near the river

3-choice
Went towards the forest
